WEBVTT

1
00:00:00.050 --> 00:00:02.480
Amanda Sargent: I think probably sometime now. Got okay. So I do have to confirm on the record that you are speaking with me voluntarily. Yes, and that you are willing to be recorded and have your responses included in the research. This is true.

3
00:00:15.970 --> 00:00:21.380
AARAV: Yes, I'm speaking with you voluntarily, and I'm absolutely okay to be recorded.

4
00:00:21.800 --> 00:00:30.119
Amanda Sargent: Perfect. Thank you so much. Okay, so tell me a little bit about yourself, and why you decided to talk to me about sponsorship today.

5
00:00:30.390 --> 00:00:40.640
AARAV: Yeah, absolutely so. And I'll I'll give you maybe a little bit background information to put things in context and also provide perspective. Right? So I was born and raised in Bangladesh, and then I came here to do undergrad and I did my undergrad in accounting from [A Large Midwestern University], and then, after undergrad, I joined a small public accounting firm, and then from there I joined a bank, and then from there I joined [A Major Banking Institution]. The reason I wanted to give that information, so it it definitely helpful to understand. Without the sponsorship, mentorship, and coaching, I wouldn't be here where I am today, because first of all, language is a different. I say it's a barrier. Then culture is the barrier, and then corporate America. It's, you need to have people who could hold your hands. Sometimes.

Give you an example. Like, Gap. People coached me how to speak, how to phrase things, how to react to people when people challenge you or people coached me like how to go about certain processes. People, I had mentors that helped me. Said, Hey, Shabir did this work, so they helped me to put my face so people recognize me. And without this kind of help, I don't think I would have been here. So it's important for me to share that information.

And I'll be very candid. I mean you in corporate America, you're not gonna see very many people going, like, you know, in like in the mid-level or higher mid-level and top level, if people don't have sponsors or mentors. That's absolutely unheard of. People could be there without the sponsorship. You need people in the room who's gonna talk about you, say, hey? We want Shabir to be on this talent planning. We want him to take this role, or we want to make sure that we keep him in the organization. I hope so. I don't know if I answer your question, but.


49
00:03:34.640 --> 00:03:53.299
Amanda Sargent: Oh, yeah, definitely, that was amazing. That was an incredible answer. Thank you so much. So you brought something up, you know you said. You know, people mentoring you and people sponsoring you. So I'm I'm curious. How do you define sponsorship? And do you think that it's the same or different from mentorship?

50
00:03:53.480 --> 00:03:55.410
AARAV: It's definitely different. Sponsorship doesn't have to be within the department, but as long as it's within the company, a sponsor will be like, Hey, a sponsor will introduce you to the leadership. A sponsor will increase visibility. A sponsor will be like, Hey, I want you to go talk to this person. I have mentors that became sponsors, and mentorship is a little bit more about like, you know, touching base, what's going on, running things by them, getting their feedback.

We have a mentorship program at the bank within the CFO organization, and I participate as a mentor and as a mentee. I had mentors where I didn’t click, which is fine, and it was for a year. I got what I had. I got out of that relationship. So that's the difference. Sponsorship—you don’t lose that relationship. I stay in touch. Like I said, I had mentors who became my sponsors. The relationship started as a mentor. And then, once the mentorship relationship ended, we kept in touch, and my mentor said, Hey, I want you to keep in touch with me every 2 months. Let’s put time on the calendar.

What happened with that was that the relationship continued. In fact, it was just not one. There are multiple sponsors I have at the bank. They're more invested in my career. On the other hand, mentors—they would be, but they're not as invested as a sponsor. So that's kind of like the difference that I see between sponsorship and mentorship.
And then I have coaches that like, I have sponsors who coach me. Like, hey, maybe you could rephrase this this way. Sponsors do that. They did that sometimes. But again, I think the relationship is a little bit different from that perspective.


93
00:07:09.550 --> 00:07:24.455
Amanda Sargent: Perfect. Thank you so much for that. We are also defining sponsorship as different from mentorship in the study, and it's really close, I think, to the definition that you came up with, maybe a little broader. We're really defining it as sort of the concrete actions that a person takes on behalf of another individual to help them advance their career. So that sounds really similar to what you said, very action-focused. And I'd love to hear about some of your experiences with receiving sponsorship, and then, maybe, if we have time at the end, if you, since you said you also mentor, if you also do sponsorship for other people. Hear some of those stories.

But we'll we'll start with how you've experienced sponsorship. So I'd love for you to think of a time or a situation where you received sponsorship from somebody else. And I'm gonna ask you a couple of clarifying questions about just sort of the context. And then I'm gonna ask you to tell me the story. Does that sound? Okay?


97
00:08:05.450 --> 00:08:06.080
AARAV: Yep.

98
00:08:06.750 --> 00:08:10.239
Amanda Sargent: Perfect. Okay, so do you have a situation in your mind?

99
00:08:11.150 --> 00:08:13.030
AARAV: In terms of sponsorship? Yes, definitely, definitely so. And it's it's in effect, this is very recently that happened. So like I said, I have two sponsors, both women. In my prior role, I was not very content. So I have one sponsor who is in Charlotte. I see her like every two months, and then I have another sponsor who is in New York, and we meet once a quarter. But she was in town for a CFO leadership offsite. So I met her in person, and I said, Hey, I'm not very content with my current role. I would like to do something different. And she said, What do you want to do? I said, You know, Sylvia, I don’t know what I want to do, but I know what I don’t want to do. So I kind of gave her a couple of examples. I said, These are things that I don’t want to do. So she said, Yeah, let’s keep you in my mind.

In April she pinged me and said, Hey, speak to so-and-so. I gave your name. Reach out to her. So I reached out to that person. I said, Sylvia referred me to you, and that person said, Yeah, she had so many good things to say about you. Let's talk. We talked, and she said, Right now I don’t have anything available in my shop, but there will be things down the road. I think there might be some opportunities. Then in June she sent me a message saying, Hey, there might be something. Are you still interested? I said yes. We talked, and that’s how I landed this role.
So if I didn’t have the sponsorship, if people didn’t speak up my name, that probably wouldn’t have happened. That’s the sponsorship relationship that I think I got out of it. I have been at the bank—this is my 19th year. I have had seven different roles in 19 years. Only once did I have to go through the formal HR process and apply. Most of the time, it was reaching out to people like my sponsors or mentors and saying, Hey, I’m looking to do something different. Please keep my name in your talent planning. Or I said to my sponsor, Would you be willing to share my name in the talent plan? They were always like, Absolutely.

Obviously, a couple of things are key—being very transparent, honest, and candid with your mentor or sponsor and doing the best job you can. Because they wouldn’t refer your name unless they know you very well. I was very lucky in that both of my sponsors—actually, I worked for them at some point in my career. So they knew me as a person, as an individual, as a worker, and what I bring to the table. That definitely helped. Did I answer your question?

166
00:12:44.150 --> 00:12:52.822
Amanda Sargent: Yeah, that was no, that was perfect. So for this person who who basically catalyzed, you're getting this higher, very important role. Really, a big dime role. What were so you said? She's a woman. What was? Do you perceive her racial identity to be.

168
00:13:02.410 --> 00:13:07.089
AARAV:  So I have one sponsor is Asian. The person who's Asian is in New York, and the person who's Caucasian is in Charlotte.

171
00:13:16.810 --> 00:13:23.349
Amanda Sargent: Okay? And then both of these women were before you moved into this role in higher ranking positions in the organization.

172
00:13:23.350 --> 00:13:34.519
AARAV: They are in. So if I talked about like a [Large U.S. Banking Organization] hierarchy structure. So here is the CEO and CFO, and then one level below. So they both are two levels down from the CEO.

175
00:13:45.500 --> 00:13:50.519
Amanda Sargent: Perfect and I think we have more clear on the organization. Why do you think these people chose to sponsor you?

177
00:13:55.740 --> 00:13:56.480
AARAV: I think at least I feel like like I said, like when I worked for them, definitely. Then they get to learn about me as a first, as a like a kind of person I am, and also what I bring it to the table from a professional perspective. And I think that's definitely one of the things that they valued. Being responsible, being a pretty good team player, conscientious. I think the thing that they probably really cared for is that they could rely on me. They knew that if they gave me a job, I would get it done. I wouldn't keep them hanging, or, like, you know, don't get the job done. I'll get the job done and make sure that it happened the way they want it. I think that's probably some a couple of things that they they definitely valued. And and and also like I was always very candid and transparent with them. I think that is important and and I try to be also be with transparent and candid with my managers as well. Like my last manager. I made sure she knew that I was not content, and I told her that I said. I don't think it's nothing against like you or organization, it just. I don't. I'm not content in this role. I would like to do something different. Ouch! And usually, I notice, like, if you are being candid. And obviously you have to do that job best as you could do, because if I didn't do the job. Well, they wouldn't have referred me to anyone, right? Because it's a credibility issue. But I think they're respected that, or at least like my prior manager. She respected that. She understood that this is not the role for me, so she also was very open about like when someone came to her and said, Hey, what do you think of him? She definitely was very open about giving good feedback.
Bet.

227
00:17:00.580 --> 00:17:09.809
Amanda Sargent: What do you think were the most important outcomes of the sponsorship for you? You can think about this in terms of career. But also, if there were any personal outcomes.

228
00:17:09.810 --> 00:17:12.380
AARAV: Oh, definitely I I feel like so one of the things that I realized, especially after 2014. And I'll tell I'll tell you very candid story. The way I react today. And like I said, like last 10 years, it's it's been a huge transformation for me personally, professionally. I used to get like very flustered if people challenge my work or people challenge me. People. Tone of voice change data totally flustered. I met my wife in 2010. We got married. She is in professional like she was in professional development to work with like C-suite people. So I wanted to like improve, like how I deliver messages, how I communicate. So she referred me to one of her colleague, who's a professional coach. And we started our relationship as being very professional, like, I'm his client. But over the years we became very good friends, and it turned into a mentor. I wouldn't say sponsor, because he's a great mentor. And he's outside of the bank, and that's why I wouldn't call him a sponsor. My! The way I like you said, oh, you took a big role, but you're so calm. That's the fruit of working with him last 10 years. Like how I communicate with people, how I value myself. That's so important, because a lot of times like like, culturally, I came from a culture that you have to do everything very perfect and very critical of myself, but over the years learned that I need to value myself, you know, to value others, and and it builds confidence.

I don't think I could say one thing like sponsorship helped me this way or mentorship helped me. The person I am today, whatever success I have, it's because of people helping me. You know, these soft skills. Yes, you don't. You don't. You don't see those skills. It's very hard to measure, but it's measurable. If you look at 2014 versus 2024, I still work with him like monthly basis. By the way, I used to live in Chicago and my wife and I, we relocated here in 2018, but I never wanted to end that relationship. So we still meet once a month via Zoom. And it's just you add little bit of everything. But then, when I look back, 2014, where I was versus 2024, where I am, significant change. And I also not gonna say that. Oh, it's done, because it's a continuous process. And I know, like if when we get when I get to 2034 and I look back 2024, I'm gonna see a significant difference. So very hard to measure. But when I look back, significant changes, from every perspective, the way I'm talking, the way I'm delivering, the way I'm articulating, the way I am handling professionally, personally. Significant significant changes.



305
00:22:31.080 --> 00:22:36.289
Amanda Sargent: I love that love. That's the the whole way you told that was just so beautiful. I just I loved it. So it sounds like this person who is more of a almost peer mentor. Even in a way, has had a really profound effect on the way you carry yourself both personally and professionally, and that the sponsorship you described a moment ago that that was that was a different thing. Kind of like we were talking about do you feel like the the 2 women that you specified as being your sponsors? Do you feel like they were also mentors? Why or why not?

308
00:23:05.650 --> 00:23:08.391
AARAV: 
They they they definitely so one person like she was my mentor person here. She was my mentor, and then I went to work for her, and the other person, she was two levels above when I worked in her organization. But she just loved my work so much that she would come to me. So we, you know, built that great relationship.They both contributed differently. The person, the Asian woman, she understood where I came from. So she would tell me, hey, you need to do this this way. You need to not crumble. You need to stand up, brush it off. Now, the Caucasian mentor I had, she also helped me in a way that, for instance, she would give me advice like, okay, maybe change the phrase.

Let's say she's in the meeting, I'm in the meeting, and at the same time I'm presenting something. She would tell me later on, "Hey, this is what you said. Absolutely right. Maybe just phrase it a different way." Or like one incident I remember, another person very high up was badgering me for no reason. She stood up for me. And she said, "Hey, I think what Shabir is saying is absolutely right. You don't have to ask the question this way." So the person kind of backed off.So both of them had definite contributions in different ways that helped me get to where I am today.

353
00:25:50.060 --> 00:26:16.580
Amanda Sargent: Hmm, perfect. So and I'm I'm hearing a lot, you know, you're talking about cultural differences, you know, having, you know, being born in a different country, and then coming here and and kind of learning. You know, corporate America is like a subculture inside of the culture of the U.S.A. I mean, that's a lot of cultural navigation. I'm curious. If you can expand just a little bit on. How do you feel like you know your racial or ethnic identity is influenced. Your experiences with sponsors if at all.

355
00:26:17.950 --> 00:26:19.083
AARAV: So so I would tell you one thing, and this is like what I observed, and it could vary person to person. When I came here, Internet, just email, just come in, Internet AOL. You'll find that people from that part of the world, they don't speak up very often. You have to say, hey! What do you think about it? But even like same like Asian person, who was born and raised here, they raise their like whatever they want to ask or comment, they would do that.  So this is where I felt Sylvia helped me. She would call out, she says, Shabir, let's hear from Shabir what he thinks. So it's the cultural difference that I appreciate, because another Caucasian person wouldn't understand unless you came from. She grew up in a Vietnamese household. Her parents came when she was like 5 years old. She grew up here, but she understood. She would call out in the meeting. She'd say, Okay, let's hear from Shabir. Now my Caucasian sponsor, she wasn’t aware of that, because you're really not aware that. You're thinking, oh, if he has a question, he's gonna ask that question. You see, the cultural differences—if you don't know that, you wouldn’t even think about it, right? She knew about it, and she would raise that in the meeting and call out, say, okay, let's hear from him. So that’s one example. It happened multiple times. And I try to do that when I'm in the meeting, and I know a person would be able to add a lot of value, but they are shy. I purposefully say, Okay, let's hear from so and so. Let's see what so and so has to say about it. It's just having that awareness, because I knew that sometimes I needed that, right?

365 00:27:31.810 --> 00:27:41.600 
Amanda Sargent: Yeah, absolutely. It's like, you know, that shared—you’re from different countries, but that sort of shared orientation, like the collectivist sort of orientation. Because it’s a different way.  Because if we were doing business in either of those countries, there would be a different expectation of how people interact. But here, it is so individual that if you’re not used to speaking up and promoting yourself, you need somebody to amplify your voice. It sounds like.


367 00:27:50.310 --> 00:27:57.379 
AARAV: Exactly. I think you put the right word—amplify your voice. Yeah.


368 00:27:58.420 --> 00:28:21.755 
Amanda Sargent: Absolutely. So, kind of in a similar vein, do you feel like there are other aspects of your identity that may have influenced how you experience sponsorship, like social class, gender, or age?


369 00:28:22.770 --> 00:28:26.040 
AARAV: I mean, again, I think it definitely varies person to person. My Caucasian sponsor never made me feel like I'm a different person of color. The way she treats me, the way she would treat another person, she treats me as an individual—what I bring to the table. And definitely, I never felt that way. Now, it's not that I didn't feel this way in the bank. Sometimes I feel that way, you know. Sometimes it happens that my pronunciation could be funny, so people smile or laugh. I remember one time we were in a meeting, pre-COVID, and I said something, and someone laughed. She was my Caucasian sponsor, and I was working for her at that time, and she said, "Is that funny?" She just said, "Is it funny?" And people just stopped. I didn’t realize at that time, but later I realized how she helped me. I think I'm lucky. I'm very fortunate that I found some people who value me for what I bring to the table, not based on my color, my race, my age, or my gender.


375 00:29:31.070 --> 00:29:50.930 
Amanda Sargent: Yeah, I agree. I love the stories I’m hearing. I’m also hearing you talk a lot about how these people who have sponsored you have stood up for you. They’ve leveraged their position of power to give you more power when you had less of it or when others were challenging your power. Which is amazing. And I love hearing these stories. So you know I'm curious for somebody who is like you. So if you think about a person who shares your identities, you know, over any time or course in your career. You know what kinds of unique barriers might people who are similar to you face in obtaining sponsorship.

447
00:33:12.850 --> 00:33:13.620
AARAV: I think. And I was like that like, like I said, networking is one of the key things. Lot of time. We I myself was very intimidated. I was chasing. What am I gonna like? Talk about. or is he or she is gonna like me? I don't know what to talk about so questioning myself. Right? But I think networking is key. because if I didn't network I probably wouldn't have known then. And and mentorship is kind of like one way is like networking with a person continuous basis. Right? So I think that's definitely a 1 of the key barrier like, I see lot of like. So I I may mentor as part of our Asian leadership network the bank. And I work with Asian men and women. And I tell them. I say, I tell them like you need to start networking. I even like, say. before you go to network. just let me know. I'll be write down some topics to discuss. What question do you want to ask? How to carry the conversation? And people usually love to talk about herself or himself. and like, just use these like questions to do that. or like, talk about like when you go and talk to your manager like you know. how do you talk about like you know the work you are doing, and how like, what are the things that you need to do to go to the next level. Tad will promotion, or like we have this thing called band so from one band to another band. What are the things that. How do you phrase these questions? I I didn't know those, but I learned from. In fact, that's 1 of the thing. I forgot to mention that how the sponsors help sponsors. So sponsors like both sponsors. When I took this role, they just told me, okay, you need to ask very clear about this type of questions. Understand, what is the carrier growth there? Where are you gonna be in what this role, how it is going to? Where are you gonna be in like 2 years, 3 years. What is it going to take? You understand that? So so like before I took this role? So before I even in interview, and when I got the final offer before I do that, I talk to like especially the Caucasian sponsor. I spoke to her. We spend time like multiple meetings. She gave me great feedback. She gave. In fact, she I wrote down like how to phrase certain things. One of the thing that like like people who are like English, is their 1st language. It's an advantage, you know how to phrase things. but when you come from another country. It's hard to one single word could change the whole meaning or change the tone of that phrase. And those are the they're all the those are the little things like when he, when I look back like, you know, it helped last 4 or 5 years. but it didn't help like until I really started to have mentor and then have sponsor. And if I didn't do networking, I don't think I would have had those things, and quite candidly, I also didn't see the value of it. Mars 1st 8, 9, 10 years at the bank. but I realize the value later on. So I asked my sponsor, the Caucasian lady I said. I want to be. I was at that time vice President and I said, I want to be senior vice President. She shared. she said. Do you know the peer of your boss. your manager? Do you know the finance leadership one level above from your manager. I said. I don't know. I mean, I just say, Hi! Hello! She said. You're not going to have any chance. because when someone get promoted from vice President to senior vice President. it's just not based on your boss's recommendation. There is a panel of people sitting on the table, and if they don't know you. even if your boss raise your name and say all the best thing in the world. you're not gonna be promoted because they don't know you. So that's where the importance of networking come to place. I had to force myself and and network with it. And it's just not one time. Yeah, I I did it like. And now I'm so good at it that I network with so many people. but just breaking that fear. you know, and especially like, you know people from another culture is like, Okay, is it appropriate to ask that question? Should I ask that question? Questioning? But good sponsor especially they have he or she will have a peer. Oh, yeah, ask that question, or, yeah, ask that question this way. Kind of give you like direction.

545
00:40:27.365 --> 00:40:28.389
Amanda Sargent: Absolutely. So you talked a lot about, you know, help with networking help with understanding sort of the cultural norms or expectations of the workplace? Are there other types of sponsorship behaviors that you think people like you need more than others?


548
00:40:45.850 --> 00:40:50.469
AARAV: Yeah, I I mean, I think, like, there are a lot of I. There are a lot of people are really good workers, but you don't see very many people going to certain level right? And that's where that those soft scale come into place and those soft scales. Unfortunately, some people are born with them. That's that's I. That's how I see some people are very good at this kind of soft skill, and some people like person like me have to practice have need help like a mentor sponsor coach. And it's just not within the like professional work. It's made it like outside of professional work world as well. Right? Yep. definitely. Just not work. Good work are not enough. It will take you up until certain point, but then, if he or she. Again, it's based based on individual preference. Right? If he or she wants to let progress get to the next level. That's where definitely need that help from every perspective like like, you know, getting up being introduced. Sicilian leadership. stepping up and like, you know. Backing someone helping sometimes help someone like you know up how to like phrase something or how to like send an email safe. Let's say, like you're sending an email to run it by. The mentor or sponsor and then the other thing that I I didn't touch, and that's the part that I get a lot of help from my mentors. I keep in touch with all the mentors I like quarterly basis learning about what's going on in different parts of the organization. Different parts of the bank. Right? That's the part that like very valuable to me. I'm working. For instance, like, I'm just going to give you a hypothetical example. Let's say, I'm working, supporting global markets organization. I had sponsor who are part of consumer or global technology or organization. So when I talk to them quarterly basis. I learn what's going on in their organization. So it's very valuable. Because when I'm talking to someone in the global markets when I bring that. it definitely like helps me to be more visible. So so without this mentorship, without the having the relationship. I wouldn't have that.

596
00:44:25.860 --> 00:44:33.420
Amanda Sargent: Right. So introducing you, you know, both to the knowledge and also the people that are in those other areas. Otherwise you might not connect with them. Right? Yeah, no, that makes total sense. That's amazing. Shabir. So talk to me a little bit about the experiences you've had sponsoring other people. What kinds of things do you do? What kinds of behaviors do you demonstrate when you're trying to sponsor someone else?

600
00:44:51.220 --> 00:44:55.819
AARAV: Yeah, so I I don't have sponsor right now. But I have mentee. I had I have right now. I have 5 Mentees 2 of them through bank Cfo program, Cfo mentorship program. And then 3 of them through Asian leadership network. so again, like, I help them into first.st I want to understand, like, what's their interest like? Where do they need help? Right? And and I'm being very candid. I tell them my experience like where app? I felt shy. Now I have one Mentor who is Caucasian as part of Cfo mentored program. and one mentor he's Indian. And then for Asian leadership, all 3 of them are obviously Asian up. and I share my my experience. and I like one thing. I make sure that they feel comfortable talking to me sometimes. Also, it's a like a if people are shy. And I also found that, like sometimes having like a mentor. they feel like, okay, I need to having problems. So I could talk to my mentor. That's just not the case necessary. You don't have to have problem to share and get help from your ment. You don't talk about anything. So that's 1 of the things that I, especially people, is people who are shy because they're like, okay, I need to create an agenda. And that's what I tell them, I said, Look. if you want, it's absolutely up to you how structured you want to be. If you want to have your agenda have a discussion, I'm happy to do that. Let me know. What do you want to talk about, so I could prepare myself as well. But if you don't have an agenda, if you don't know what to talk about. maybe just talk about our personal like upbringings, personal life. I'm absolutely okay with that. And so what it does is I notice it makes them feel comfortable. So relax. Don't have to worry. Oh, I need to prepare something before I meet with him. And it it helps pull for the mentee and also helpful for me, because I don't know how to force anything. I sometimes I just listen like, and you know, just talk a little bit sometimes like some somebody would say, I've been in this role for 4 years. I want to do something, and I know you moved around quite a bit. How did you do that? So then I share this is how I did that. This is, I started doing a networking. And and I said that, look you have to. And when I say humans in general, you you have to think from long term perspective. you cannot expect that. Oh, I'm just gonna network with this person one time, and then next month I'm gonna go and say, Hey, can you find an opportunity? Or here is an opportunity. Can you like sponsor me. Or can you tell me that? The hiring manager? That's not gonna it's not gonna be the way we work? I mean, think about yourself like you would not like refer someone just knowing one time. So you have to build their relationship, build that trust. and it goes both ways. So do that with a purpose sometimes it yes, it might sound like, Oh, I'm just doing networking. But again. you just don't know when you will be able to use that relationship. And if it doesn't, if if that individual is not you are not able to use that relationship. But it's you get to know someone you learn from each other. So these are the things that I tell them. And then I share like exactly what my sponsor told me, I said. after certain level when you want to get promoted. Things are getting very competitive. so you would have to make sure that your boss's peer. They know you one level up from your boss the leadership in that organization. He or she did know you. because if they don't know you, it doesn't matter how good of a worker you are. They're not gonna like, you know, recommend you to be promoted. Unfortunately, that's how it works. And that's how like everywhere. Probably works from it. So these are things that I share like very candid app. And and but the key thing for me is like making sure they are very comfortable. They are able to talk to me. Without being pressurized, you know. Like, Hey, I need to have a conversation with him.


694
00:51:21.980 --> 00:51:31.340
Amanda Sargent: Perfect. Well, Aarav, we're coming to the end. So I'm asking everybody at the very end. Is there anything that I didn't ask that I should have. and if so, what would that be? And what would be your answer?

696
00:51:35.860 --> 00:51:38.051
AARAV: I think you you ask we cover pretty you know.

699
00:51:42.650 --> 00:51:43.449
Amanda Sargent: A lot. Yeah.

700
00:51:43.450 --> 00:51:47.343
AARAV: Mentoring and sponsoring relationship. But one thing, excuse me, my recommendation would be Bob. Networking could be very intimidating. But once you get that in your system. It's really a fun thing to do. And and that's how you build a relationship. Build trust and mentoring and sponsoring. I think they both are very necessary. You you definitely like one definitely need Bolland in the organization. just just to just go be like beyond certain level.

713
00:52:36.100 --> 00:52:38.839
Amanda Sargent: Thank you so much. I'm gonna turn off the recording.

AARAV

